https://codepen.io/Perezenting/pen/vYEaJqq?editors=1100

Copy the questions below into the firt-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML?     
It keeps HTML tidy. Used so humans know whats in the code and search engines and computers know what we are looking for specifically. H1 is weighed more than h6 or divs, p, etc.

    2. What is HTML used for?
	Design websites. 

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
	Extra info for our elements, examples such as ids and classes. 

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	Main heading of the page, the whole reason for it, hopefully just use it once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	Links and img

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
Header, but also <!DOCTYPE html>. <head>

    7. What is an id? 
	Css definer only to be used once. Can design and beautify the page.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
	Any, just once

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
	Only once.

    10. What is a class? 
	Similar to id but can be used multiple times to change the look of the page.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
	Any of them?

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
	As many times as you want.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	Control click on windows

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
	Screen readers and accessibility

    15. How do I reference an id?
	Element id=”idinfo”
Css	#id

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	Divs are more freely used, a section is talking about a specific section.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
	Decorate a webpage, bring a little color to it and style.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
In css just type the element you want, so       h2{
}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? –class can be used multiple times, id can only be used once

 Give me an example of when I might use each one
	Class is what you should always use, id would only be used in my head If you want to override the class. Its heavier in weight.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
Call it out with a  .		ex: .class

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
p.human

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
	When you define an element deeper. The headings and divs and classes above it.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
Div link

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
	targets an element in a specific state, we learned :hover

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
in css line-height:15px

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
in css letter-spacing: 5px

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
in css text-transform: uppercase;
alt. lowercase
alt. capitalize

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
add a class
in css, .class{
border: 1px dotted black;
}

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
control + a on windows

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
start symbol /* and the end symbol */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
rm <filename>

it doesnt confirm you want to delete, just goes ahead with no warning prompt.

    34. Why should I use version control? 
if something wonky happens, you could go back and look at previous versions. It's also nice and tidy.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
Every major change

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
$ git push origin firstname-lastname

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

fork repo
add tl as collaborator (in settings)
open terminal o where you want to clone
git clone <url>
git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname' (makes the branch)
git branch (should be in your own branch)
modify your files you need to change
git status
git add .
git status
git commit -m 'what you ended up changing'
git push origin firstname-lastname
on github, on project page, base fork to your own
ad reviewer(TL)
add comments and send





Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 


   --> 

